Added CLIENT_ONLY to multi room audio (#132)
balenalabs/balena-sound: README.md

**Note:** Multi-room requires a network router that supports IP multicast/broadcast (most modern routers do).

### Client Only Multi-room

> By default, balenaSound let's you connect to every device available. If you prefer to have one or multiple devices "hidden" in the network but still capable to play the multi-room audio you can enable the Client Only mode.

Reviewer: Looks good! A few suggestions to better convey the message:

`By default, balenaSound let's you connect and stream audio from every device on the fleet. If you prefer to have one or more devices "hidden" in the network but still capable of playing multi-room audio you can set the device to Client Only mode.`

Author: Done!

> Client Only mode only runs the services needed to synchronize and play the audio from the multi-room setup, and disables all other services. This makes for less clutter in the devices overview when connecting from Spotify, Airplay or Bluetooth and lowers the load on the devices running Client Only mode.

Reviewer: `Client Only mode only runs the services needed to synchronize and play the audio that is being streamed from the multi-room master server; all other services will be disabled. This makes for less clutter in the devices overview when connecting from Spotify, Airplay or Bluetooth and lowers the load on the devices running Client Only mode.`

Author: Done!

> If you want to set a device in Client Only mode, create a 'CLIENT_ONLY_MULTI_ROOM' variable with value '1'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to set a device in Client Only mode, create a `CLIENT_ONLY_MULTI_ROOM` variable with value `1`.
```

> **Note**: Client Only mode only works if multi-room mode is enabled. When you disable multi-room mode, the 'CLIENT_ONLY_MULTI_ROOM' variable is ignored to prevent all services being down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Client Only mode only works if multi-room mode is enabled. When you disable multi-room mode, the `CLIENT_ONLY_MULTI_ROOM` variable is ignored to prevent all services being down.
```
